Hello everyone. So, today we are talking
about not just one, but two new techs
that are running together. First, we're
going to check out a new way of making
LTX video better at syncing video and
audio together. This is called Omni NFT.
This is for video diffusion, where it
stands for negative aware fine-tuning.
And what this does, it syncs the video
and audio better. As we all know,
sometimes [music] in LTX video when you
use the base model to generate out of
sync motions. And sometimes you'll even
see the video quality going downhill.
So, this Laura model helps with the
motions for LTX videos in general, and
also helps sync the video and audio in a
better way.
Now, this fine-tuned Laura model, you
can download it from the Hugging Face
repo. It's called Omni NFT. This one's
going to be a little bit larger file
size because it's FP32 precision. So, by
default, it's set up so you can run it
in Python code or run it in ComfyUI,
either way.
But, if you prefer less file sizes, or
you want the ComfyUI default format
using BF16, then you can try out this
BF16 Laura model here.
I'm going to provide in the video
description, so you guys can check it
out. So, that's the Laura. And also, I
want to talk about how to automate the
video creations. Well, not only with
ComfyUI. You can automate that with
other AI models, too, whether you have a
server-side API or just running locally
using ComfyUI. Because Norse Research,
the Hermes agents, now natively support
ComfyUI workflows. So, it does
understand how and what to input in
Comfy workflows with this agent. But,
you still have to convert the
agent-friendly workflow, which is the
API format workflow JSON files of
ComfyUI. So, I'm going to show you here.
First of all, I have an LTX workflow.
And this was talked about previously
that I was using the prompt relay and
auto generating the text prompts using
VLM. In this case, I'm using Kwen 3VL.
And here we have linked it up together
with other Laura models that I usually
run with.
And the VBVR L that I am using,
currently the highest data set trained
VBVR Laura model. And here I am running
the Omni NFT model. And then above that,
this is the crisp enhanced Laura model.
And that's all the Laura models that we
need. And lastly, of course, you're
going to run with the distillation. Add
the distillation here.
So, the overall workflow is going to be
the same as what I talked about
previously using LTX video generation.
So, once you have your comfy UI
workflows exported as API format, like
in this case, the one that I just
created using prompt relay LTX workflow.
This is going to use for building your
scenes with image reference. And I also
have Z image turbo for creating
backgrounds and characters. That one has
already been integrated into Hermes
agent.
So, this is called the visual storyline
pipeline that I created. As you can see,
the folder path in here, this is using
Hermes agent, and I am using this skill.
And basically, what this skill does, it
tells the AI agents what to do.
So, let's check it out in the web
browser.
And we can see what it is actually
doing.
So,
this visual storyline pipeline is used
for creating a visual story from
scratch. It starts from a storyline. And
basically, you're going to be creating
stories with the AI agents. Like in this
case, it's Hermes. But of course, this
skills.md file, you can also import that
into Open Claw or any other AI agents
that use the skills architecture. And
that way you have a solid foundation of
stories before you move on to the script
or your character building or the
scenes, keyframes, whatever.
Because a lot of times I see people
starting from creating a character,
generating images of their character
using character sheet, or having
multiple images of a character, which
you won't have a story background of
what it's actually doing. You won't be
able to have, you know, a full picture
of what you actually want to create as a
full story. So therefore, we're going to
do this step-by-step with the AI agent.
You're not going to fully automate like
hands-off everything, but you're going
to be involved in the development with
the AI agents. That means the human step
in the loop in the angelic way that I
talk about, that we're going to have
human involvement in the workflow. So in
here, as you can see, the visual
storyline pipeline. We're starting with
story creation, where you first let the
AI agents know that you're chatting,
brainstorming the story, whatever you
want to create. Like in the examples I'm
using
for creating a Korean horror story,
which works as well.
But the concept of the stories, you must
be involved as a human in the loop with
the AI agents. Then the tedious work
gets passed to the AI agents. So the
pipeline here, it has instructions for
whatever content or data that we need,
that allow the AI agents to understand
what it's going to do step-by-step.
So in here, after we create the
storylines, we got to create a list of
characters.
This is all text files first.
We're not creating image files yet.
So until you get everything solid, have
a good foundation of your stories or any
video content that you want to create,
then you move on to visual design, which
is creating your character sheet image
files.
I've also imported the Kling AI API,
just in case people like to run this
pipeline using Frontier AI video models.
Kling AI is one example, or right now
there's SeaDance 2.0 as well. You can
import that just by typing text with the
agent.
Anyway, in this case we're using ComfyUI
just for local demo purpose.
So, all of this is just instructions. As
a human, you're going to see all this
text and you might feel bored, but don't
worry. Just import that skills to Hermes
or create something similar into an AI
agent. Allow the AI agent to have a
step-by-step guide to know what it
should do on every single step.
So, here, well, there's a new web UI
that you can use, but I still like to
use the command prompt window. It loads
way faster without less stuff dangling
around.
Anyway, we're going to see here I have
the short video scenes that I just
mentioned.
As you can see, there's three phases of
steps. Narrative, we create the stories,
characters, everything with context.
Then image generation, that's the second
step where we create the places,
characters, as well as some backgrounds
we need in the stories. This is going to
be used for image reference because the
next step is creating keyframes. And
this time, the concept I'm using is the
flux.
That's going to use reference to image.
There's other options as well if you're
not using ComfyUI locally.
Either way works, but before that, just
tell the AI what you want in each phase
and that's going to be good. Like in
this case, if you need to have the
specific workflow to run with the AI,
you can just drag and drop or copy and
paste that workflow JSON file link in
here. And tell the Hermes agents to use
this workflow for a specific video
creation. Or you can drill down to every
single scene that's going to have
different reference of workflow. You can
do that, too.
It just depends on how your conversation
is communicated with the AI agent. So,
as you can see, the next step, the AI
agent is showing me that the stories are
ready and we're able to go to the next
step. And right now, let's say that the
character and place are going to use
that Z image turbo text to image
workflow. So, I'm just doing basic
conversations here. Nothing fancy, no
pre-designed text prompts, just
conversations. I need a character in
place using the Z image text to image
workflow. And after that, the generation
lets me know the progress. So, we as a
human can step in and see what kind of
image it actually generated.
What you need is to focus on talking
with the agent. That's all you need to
do because those workflows are already
exported and the AI agents know how to
import that into ComfyUI. So, once you
enable or turn on the ComfyUI backend,
just like in this example, it's
generated the image. Okay? So, after
generation, this is going to be another
step that it will pause here. I set the
skills for the agents to not automate
everything because when you just created
the character list and the place, you
want to review that before you continue.
So, in this case, let's go back to here.
In Hermes agent, I have a new message.
So, I'll say that for characters, I want
each character with multiple angles and
with the same white background. So, I
need front view, side view, back view,
and also one close-up shot of each
character. So, I'm going to regenerate
all of those and replace that in the
same folder.
Here, just want to show you guys that
it's in progress. And as you can see,
all the characters have been replaced as
well as all of that updated. Switch back
to Hermes agent, you'll see there's a
notification telling me that all these
characters have been changed to the
character sheet and the full body view,
etc. This all works. So, I viewed that
again in the file browser and it's all
done here. So, we're going to move on to
the next step.
And remember to type something to let
the AI agent pause, so you can review
those images before moving on to video
generation.
Otherwise, you might have some wrong
images you want to refine and you'd just
be spending all your computing power
going straight to video creation.
With the angelic way of running this,
what I want to demonstrate is that why I
was talking about using whatever ComfyUI
or any image or video generation models,
those are just tools.
That's not everything in your toolbox.
Think of those as just one of your
tools.
That's why in recent months I've been
creating workflows that are more focused
on singular features, more modular, the
way I think about it. Because the design
is going to be using this workflow as
one feature, which is the video
generation. That's all I need, and I put
this into a whole system for
integration. And that's why recently I'm
trying to create workflows that are
simpler and also, you know, easier for
users at a lot of different levels to
understand and run. Hopefully, that's
the concept.
Okay, so come back to ComfyUI. As you
can see, there's some different images
of this character in some kind of
haunting or mystery places where she is
in different scenes and multiple shots.
And we can review this before we move on
to video generation.
For example, like this one, it's kind of
generating weird color on the eyes and
some kind of weird color on the shirt.
So, you can check if this really follows
the story or not before moving on to the
next steps. That's why I like to have a
human involved before moving on to fully
generating all the videos. That way, you
can ensure the story is intact with
whatever content you created.
Since I've just generated five scenes
here, there's a total of 30 scenes. So,
just for demo purposes, I only generated
five scenes. I paused in the middle of
the progress, and that's one of the good
things about Hermes agent. In the
multiple steps or a large volume of
work, in the middle of the process, you
can interrupt the AI agents to pause,
input your new message to update. Like
let's take 10 scenes for generation, or
even right now I'm taking like five.
That's good enough for this video demo.
Then that just updates the progress of
whatever task it's doing.
You don't need to even touch anything in
the ComfyUI workflow diagrams or do all
the complex settings because this is all
handled by the AI agents already.
So this is overall how I'll be doing for
a long sequence of multi-shot videos
like a storytelling. I see a lot of
people nowadays have been talking about
using Claude with other AI models. A lot
of different kinds of AI models that you
can try with this as well. My way of
using this is just LTX for local AI
examples. I do also try with Kling AI C
dance, those kind of frontier models as
well.
But the concept is the same. How to
process using Hermes agents with
different language models and generating
the content. So
after all the content that you've
generated, check it out one more time.
See the first five scenes, all the video
content are also included. So we can
bring this to a short video scenes demo.
It might not be accurate for some of the
actions. You have to do some trimming,
video editing by yourself, or even using
AI to do that as well.
In the beginning we were talking about
this Omni NFT Laura model that's able to
bring better coherence for the video
generations. And the main point of this
Laura model is not ultimate high
quality. It just helps you bring this
negative aware fine-tuned model to
improve your visual and audio
presentation. So, let's check it out.
>> [clears throat]
>> Let this for us Jana but
Here's the city and the this building's
map.
Enjoy your holiday here.
You never need to remember.
That's part of the service.
You are new.
I can tell.
Listen to me.
Do not go to the garden. Years.
I think there is no way to know. The
concierge will be kind first, then he
will take you to the garden, and then
you will never leave. None of them ever
leave.